List of meeting participants 
Cathleen Yang
Cheyenne Gaima
Woody Shin
Manav Kaushik
Chunyang Mou

What process aspects will be changed? 
- Starting earlier to improve our sustainable pace 
- Workload added was fine, might want to improve our pace to get more implementation points 
- Start working on putting together our separate implementations, currently very insular 
- Divide our tasks further into subtasks to see more progress in each scrum 
- Add more tasks for things such as research 
- Feature file for feature 1-7 & have acceptance tests for each feature to show understanding of requirements

What tasks will be added to the product backlog as a result of review feedback?
1. Prediction of future values of the portfolio 
    a. Compare the historical performance of the stock and make predictions based on the performance.
2. Ability to add or remove stocks from the portfolio 
    a. Two ways of adding stocks:
        i.  Pop up dialog
        ii. CSV file 
3. Track and visualize changes in value over time of user’s portfolio 
    a. Single graph must be displayed for the entire webapp 
        i.   Graph must be zoomable 
        ii.  User can choose what unit of time to display on graph
        iii. All stocks must be toggleable for display on the graph
        iv.  Currently selected stock must be highlighted in a different color
4. View and compare the historical performance of a stock 
    a. Only want stocks listed on NASDAQ or NYSE
    b. Maintain a list of viewed stocks 
    c. Stocks must be toggleable for display on the graph
    d. Users can specify start & end date for viewing a stock
5. Works on the Chrome web browser and mobile devices 
    a. Must resize responsively on mobile device view 
6. The application must be secure and protect confidentiality of users’ data. 
    a. Password must be hidden when users enters & must be hashed before saved into database 
    b. User signed out under 120 seconds of inactivity 
    c. Only logged in users can access any functionality except for login page or account creation page 
7. Users must be able to create an account in the system 
    a. Username must not be taken by another user 
8. User interfaces must look modern and be attractive. 
    a. Top banner must be displayed on all pages with the title “USC 310: Stock Portfolio Management”
        i. Color code for grey background is #787878 (of banner)
9. Must be implemented as a client-server based web application
    a. Client side code must be written in html and javascript
    b. Server side code must be written using java libraries
